[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
Symbol is on the front slide. Does anyone know what it is? That symbol with the bowl.

I know, but that's cheating because you only told me this week. Yeah, Alison.

Not Alison. Anyone? Not Alison. Is that a caduceus?

Close. Close. But no, no. No mustard.

It's the bowl of Hygeia. So the snake drinking from a bowl.

Um. She's the goddess of health and the daughter of Asclepius.

And it's the symbol of pharmacy. And that's not to be confused with caduceus, which is the two snakes and the wings.

And that's the wand that Hermes carries around.

And he's the Greek god of travellers. Not to be confused again with the rod of Asclepius, which is one snake.

No rings. So two.

So one I get a ball. Sorry. I'll just meet whoever was.

Yeah. Cool. Is, um, the bowl of Hygeia.

So that's a little fun fact, I thought. Sorry.

I copied that slide from the next presentation.

But I would also like to acknowledge the traditional custodians of the lands that we're meeting on today.

I'm from, um, Sydney, so I'm joining from CategoryLund.

But I know that you guys are all across the state, so welcome.

And a paying tribute to custodians of the land and, um, elders past, present and anyone joining today.

Um, so just some learning objectives.

So by the end of this tutorial, we're hoping that we can describe the structure, expectations, assessment requirements,

and key learning activities within 56302 explain how cardiovascular disease modules fit within the broader

management of chronic and complex conditions that are going to be encountered in pharmacists prescribing practice.

Potentially recognise the role of cardiovascular risk assessment as a foundation for identifying, preventing, and managing chronic disease.

Discuss how cardiovascular risk assessment patient centred communication focus clinical assessment can support safe prescribing and therapeutic

decision making and finally prepare for active participation in in in case based discussions that require the application of clinical reasoning,

guideline informed practice, and collaborative care principles.

Okay, so I just wanted to do a little bit of a kind of a vibe check amongst the the 50 or so of us that there are in the group and in the chat.

Um, if anyone can tag themselves as either accredited or a diabetes educated not trained to administer vaccines,

I thought that might be easier than than you are.

Like, if you are trained, whether you might be providing a long acting injectable buprenorphine service,

or whether you're involved in a service that, um, provides vapes as well.

So what have we got? Okay, so a bit of a mix.

Oh, Trent, you're a diabetes educator. That's good to know. Hey, tremors.

Some people providing long acting injectable buprenorphine. This is great.

Good to see a good mix. And that's going to be really useful, I think,

as we go through the course to lean into the expertise of different students amongst the group and get their

particular insights on things and how we can overlay a prescribing lens to to whatever content area we're covering,

where those will crop up. So you might have had a look at the, um, the course outline of 56302 and some of the topics that we're covering,

and you'll see why the questions I'm asking are might be relevant to us.

So thanks for sharing, everybody. That's really good to know that there's a mix of of all of them throughout the course.

Okay.

So canvas so similar to 56301 because I think that most of the students here today would have done far 6301 there are going to be 12 weeks of content.

And we are staggering the release again. We got a bit of mixed feedback last semester.

Some people really wanted to work ahead and we're very keen to do so and wanted it released early.

And we also got the reverse where people said that they didn't want to, um, see canvas early because then they felt the pressure to do it.

So it is there, um, as we're releasing it in a kind of a staggered way for people who want to work ahead,

it is absolutely no obligation or pressure to do so beforehand.

Um, just bear that in mind. Um, and that's totally up to you.

So beyond canvas as well.

Just some of the things I wanted to say was that some of the clinical areas you're obviously going to be more comfortable with than others,

let so, um, let that guide how deeply you engage with the content and the readings.

I wouldn't expect that everybody would have the same baseline level of knowledge or

comfort with that knowledge or recency of knowledge in different content areas.

So like Alison said in the earlier tutorial, you're going to need to take that responsibility to develop a bit of a tailored learning plan.

We don't want to teach you to suck eggs, but there might be some things that surprise you as well.

So use your discernment and judgement for dipping in and out of how much of the content you want to sink your teeth into.

Um, how many people have found the new version of the clinical terms document?

Just with like a little show of hands? Most people found it.

Yeah, Anthony found it cool. So last semester, we we got that process started.

Um, it was only, you know, a few pages, uh, long and, um, throughout the semester, um,

and into the new semester whilst we've been developing the content that's been my little,

uh, pet project is if I don't know what a term is, then I kind of stick it in the in the acronym slash um, definitions document.

And that's my litmus test for why it's there or not.

So it's totally meant to be a learning tool, a reference point.

It's not something that we're going to do pop quizzes on. It's really just meant to be there for you guys as a learning tool.

And, um, essentially, maybe a little record of all the cool new things that we're learning as well.

So I would encourage people to redownload it, because there have been quite a few new terms and acronyms added since last semester as well.

And it is designed to go across all of the subjects. So the four subjects in total for the graduate certificate, there's also A6301 Spotify playlist,

um, that you will find, um, it's on the canvas page, so I will show you where it lives.

For those of you who may not have found it yet.

It lives here. If we go to modules.

Getting to know your resources. So about one, 234, five down from the introduction page you'll find a very handy, um, page.

I just thought it might be nice to have a one stop shop within canvas.

So we've got a bunch of podcasts that are good background listening for for knowledge.

Um, I can see that I've already got 29 followers of the the podcast list on Spotify, so that's really cool.

Um, and if you scroll down, the other thing that's really handy here is recommended reading.

And basically these are key guidelines for all the different topics throughout the semester.

Um, and for the most part, you'll notice that there are no New South Wales practice standards in this, um, particular list because we are really,

in this context,

now operating in a space where that that those documentations and those clinical guidelines are not there yet for the state of New South Wales.

So our reference .46302, you'll see our Queensland condition, um, documents.

And that might be for acute conditions or chronic conditions in where they live.

So for example um smoking and weight management live on the Queensland Community Pharmacy page amongst all the other acute conditions,

which can be a little bit confusing and some of them live on a different page with their chronic condition pilots.

So we've pulled out all those links for you guys to make it a little bit easier to navigate.

So hopefully you find that's a handy resource on canvas to have.

Okay. Um, and then with the tutorials.

So, um, the thing that I will say is this is the summary.

And Anthony noting a point I've got on my to do list to figure out canvas calendars.

So hopefully Alison and I can sort that out for both 6302 and 6202 to make sure that everybody has,

um, the tutorials kind of popping up in their calendars. Obviously, we know that, um, makes it much easier to remember and to plan for.

So today we're going to be talking about CBD. Then in two weeks time we have tutorial two, which is all about lipids.

Um, tutorial three is in week five. That's on smoking.

Tute four is after the mid-semester break, which is why there is a bit of a gap there on the 13th of October.

That's on asthma tutorial five in week ten will be on mental health and finally tutorial six in the last week um

will be on oral health and if there are any cases to be discussed that we break you up into breakout rooms for?

We will upload those onto canvas on the tutorial page.

So that's the plan for those. And our thinking throughout the semester is that for each of those six tutorials,

there will be 1 or 2 pre-recorded videos that we would expect that you watch before you come along to the tutorial,

because that will form the foundation of the content that we will be discussing as a group in our, um, you know,

in responding to the feedback from semester one,

the idea for these tutorials is for you guys to utilise them as you wish and identify your learning needs.

Say what you feel uncomfortable with, let us know what's feeling a bit tricky and what you would like some more support in,

so that we can iteratively address that throughout the semester. And this is really the opportunity to drop in and do that.

You can always do it via the discussion board and via email as well.

But I know that this environment can often feel a little bit less, um, kind of difficult to do so.

So feel free to always, um, let us know in this environment as well.

Before I get into any, um, assessments, uh, discussion there, any questions about what I've covered so far?

Okay. I can see a comment. Can we please. Yeah. Point taken.

Suzanne. It's a bit of a week. One issue. We had a couple of technical challenges broadly across the, um, getting things ready for semester two.

Um, we will ensure that for tutorial two, for both Alison and myself, we will make sure that that's available.

Um, ideally the week before, it would be our aim at the very least.

Um, tutorial three is ready to go. We just need to click the trigger button, um, when it's published.

But we will make sure it's definitely it gives you guys that time.

A lot of the time,

sometimes it's us chasing down the external speakers as well and getting that content uploaded and put onto canvas within our kind of,

um, technology teams throughout the university that get that uploading process done.

So usually factors beyond our control, but we're doing our very best to do that.

Hopefully we can make sure we get the things up before they need to be.

So now talking about assessments so similar to 56301, there will be two quizzes.

Um, they're both 10% each one in week four and one in week eight.

So talking about canvas content ahead of time.

Um, quiz one will only cover weeks one up to week four inclusive.

So maybe just think a little bit strategically about when you want to do the quiz in week four.

Maybe not Monday. First thing, Um, if you haven't given yourself that time to be familiar with the content of week four,

because week four is included in the content for assessment.

So maybe in week three, if you've got the time to work ahead a little bit more and give yourself that time to engage.

Similarly, for week eight, um, that will be quiz two.

The content will focus predominantly on weeks 5 to 8, but could cover anything in the previous weeks as well.

Um, and you'll note that these are happening a little bit earlier in the semester.

Um, again, we were cognisant of the feedback we got that things kind of happened pretty rapid succession in week 12 between the two subjects.

So we've made a real conscious effort this semester to try and spread the assessment due dates throughout the semester,

a little bit more, um, spaced out so that they don't kind of all come thick and fast between the two subjects all at once.

So you'll note that for 6302I mean by um, by week ten, you kind of that's it for assessment submission task wise.

So that'll give you a nice amount of time to really focus through the exam period for 6 to 0 two if you're taking it concurrently for the key there.

So hopefully it takes the pressure off from that perspective. So that's the quiz.

Um, a couple of things I'll mention about the quiz. Just learnings from last semester.

Um, 30 minutes to do the quiz.

And if the quiz time's out at 1159 on Sunday and you start the quiz at 1152 on Sunday, that gives you eight minutes to do the quiz.

So make sure you start the quiz with at least 30 minutes to go.

Um, and give yourself the time before it automatically cuts off for the quiz.

And the other thing I want to just know that was about it for assessment one.

so for assessment two those details are on the canvas page.

So I'll just talk through them here first and then bring up the canvas page.

So assessment two is a chronic condition action plan.

And that is a written component to A. And to B is an online oral viva based on to A taking part in week ten.

Um it is currently slated for the 28th of October and similar to 6301,

I'll release an Excel spreadsheet with 15 minute slots allocated to everybody, and swaps are allowed.

As long as you kind of coordinate and find a buddy to swap with, and we'll have a cut off time of maybe a week or two before that date,

of when no more swaps will be allowed just to try, and it becomes a bit of a scheduling nightmare across the examiners and the teams meetings, etc..

So, um, if you were in six three, zero one, if that's the process we're going to follow.

So I'll just bring it up here to show you guys the assessments.

Um, I thought I would do screenshots, but then if it's all there on canvas, why not just show you guys on canvas?

So looking at it here, you can see that assessment two is now live.

And it is, as I said, a two part um assessment to a is a written component.

And you'll be selecting one real fully identified patient from your practice who has hypertension,

dyslipidemia, type two diabetes or a combination of these risk factors.

So you can see that the aim of this particular assessment is going to be on the earlier weeks of content.

So a cardiac slash diabetes Focus Assessment three, which is not yet published yet, is intended to have a respiratory focus.

So really think about that in terms of case selection and kind of switch your brain on scanning the horizon for

this subject I'm going to need a juicy cardiac case and a juicy respiratory case in terms of the assessments.

So having that in mind from now will be helpful later down the track.

So two way is a written assignment 2000 words.

Please keep to the 2000 word limit because as we said text exceeding that will not be marked because

we've got some very robust assignments in semester one that definitely exceeded the word limit there.

And we just want to make sure that we're equitable across all the students and making it as fair as possible.

So all the details are there. If you have any questions about assessment too, um, like Alison said, you can email me.

You can ask now, you can put it on the discussion board. So were there any questions about assessment too?

Whilst we're here. Everyone's happy so far.

I will take no cameras and silence is happy.

Nothing in the chat, Christine. Sorry. Thanks. Alison. Yes. Go go go.

Um, so when we're finding a patient for this case is that we're finding a patient at in our placement, or we're finding a patient just at work, like.

Yeah, wherever you like. Really? Um, Sarah. So, um, I think you just read through the assignment and see what am I going to need?

What are the kind of details I'm going to need to make the case?

Um, and this came up as well in terms of. Um, finding kind of that unicorn case last semester.

And, um, were we allowed to make, uh, tweaks to certain things if a patient kind of the case didn't fit the bill of the assignment.

So, um, our priority is that we want it to be a real patient,

because it really grounds the assignment in the work that you'll be doing as pharmacist prescribers,

but making slight tweaks here and there for the purpose of addressing the criteria of the assignment is okay as well.

So take from that what you will, because that did come up last semester as well.

We don't want you guys inventing a case out of thin air, obviously.

Um, but some creative license to be able to, um, deal with the assessment criteria is.

That's understandable. So use your discretion. I would say.

Does that answer your question, Sarah? Cool. Thanks. All righty.

So, yeah, Wednesday the 28th of October. Mark that down in your diaries.

Um, and, um, in due course, the schedule will come out with all the times like we did last time.

Okie dokie. All righty. Oh, yes. Suzanne. Okay.

Um, I just want to know whether you mentioned that we have to have, um, respiratory and the cardiovascular.

Is that two cases? Two cases? That's for assessment.

Three. So the details for assessment three haven't been finalised yet.

Um, they're very close to be finalised, but I was just kind of giving you a sneak peek, uh,

in terms of wrapping your mind around what you need to do for for this subject for this semester.

Um, if if you came across a, you know, a tricky asthma case or a COPD case in your, uh, practice hours.

Um, I would make note of it and think about the, um, the details of it, because it will it will help you down the track.

Thank you. Yeah. No worries. Okay.

Any other questions before we move on to CVD? I don't know if Sarah joined us or not, I feel.

Sarah, if you're there, you can jump in. I'm here.

Kristen. Okay. Is there anything wanted to say before I jumped in? No.

Nothing further from me. Other maybe other than. Oh, there's one thing that maybe might jump for you, Sarah.

That it might be some questions that people might have just in terms of the conditions that we're covering this semester.

You'll notice that this messaging is throughout the the subject.

So as prescribing scope in chronic condition care varies state by state in Australia and is mostly limited to Queensland.

The course will focus on skills that are applicable nationwide. So in 6301, as I mentioned,

there was a mix of Queensland and New South Wales guidelines and you will see from that page that I showed you earlier where all the resources live,

their predominantly Queensland guidelines for the topics that we're covering and then guidelines from bodies themselves where there is,

um, you know, expertise in that area. So just to illustrate my point, you get to the guidelines, you scroll down to recommended reading.

You'll see in hypertension we have heart Foundation guidelines. In diabetes.

There are diabetes, glycemic management algorithms from, uh, Diabetes Australia or wherever it might be, the diabetes society in COPD.

That's from the gold report or COPD. Was there any questions about that or does that kind of make sense to everybody?

No, I think Kristen, maybe just to point out at this stage, I know it comes without saying,

but obviously we're teaching you things, uh, which potentially are outside of your scope at this point in time?

Um, the idea is obviously to futureproof your scope of practice as it comes in New South Wales, and hopefully with the endorsement process, which, um,

is underway at the moment and hopefully will be finalised by the end of the year,

we will get a bit of clarity around what that will look like for pharmacists prescribers across the country.

Um, and I'm intrinsically involved in the pharmacy board work, um, leading that endorsement process.

So, um, as soon as information comes available, I will obviously inform you all and, um, our state based legislation as that becomes available.

I will inform you all. I think it's important just to reiterate, obviously, please understand what you can and can't do within the context of,

um, what we're teaching you and apply that obviously to your own practice.

Take from it what you will. These are topics that you will be familiar with potentially, if you've been doing, this, etc., etc..

Diabetes education. Some of these topic areas may be more familiar to you than others, as Kristen pointed out.

However, we will be teaching you skills that you probably haven't come across before.

For example, cardiac assessment, um, respiratory assessment and skills that you may not have been exposed to in practice previously.

So we hope to hone in on those skills and teach you things that you haven't been exposed to previously.

But of course, just keeping in the back of mind, um, for the purposes of your assessment, we will examine those skills in a formal sense.

Um, but again, just to reiterate, um, understanding what you can and can't do in New South Wales is super important.

So you'll see some disclaimers, I guess, and some caveats around the content that we propose.

Um, and in an attempt to futureproof what we're doing, um, and hopefully with the endorsement process,

um, that, um, can provide a bit of clarity into the future.

I think Kristin, I'll hand back over to you. I'm more than happy to take any questions at this stage.

Um, but I'm super excited about the assessment, so I don't know.

Um, uh, hopefully with, um, the chronic conditions aspects, but also with the generative AI.

Um, it's a little bit more relevant to your practice.

Um, and we've tried to refine those to make sure that they are, um, practical and things that you can use in your own practice moving forward.

So, um, any questions, let us know. But the interprofessional assessment, which is assessment three Kristen mentioned around the respiratory.

Um, I am to publish. It's just waiting for me for review. Um, probably in the next day to two days.

So I aim to have that out by the end of week one. All of your assessments for both courses that you can get a start on.

Other than that, I think back over to you, Kristen. Thank you.

Thanks, Sarah. So I can see too. So. Anthony. Yeah.

Overwhelming. Yes. With the guidelines.

But hopefully having them in a one stop shop like this makes them less so, in a way, because you think, okay, there's not that many.

It fits on a screen that is doable. So that's how I choose to think about it.

And the self-talk that I had as I was developing the material.

And hopefully in time, Anthony, you'll feel the same way. Um, fatty assessment wise, how will the guidelines fit?

Um, again, I think depending on the topic you pick, as you see here, um, is where the guidelines will fit in.

So for assessment one, whether you're picking hypertensive patient patient with dyslipidemia or diabetes.

This is the pool of guidelines that you would be dipping into and utilising.

And I would say where Queensland guidelines exists, that would be the first point of call.

And then using the societies and organisations as evidence for your clinical reasoning, rationale, prescribing decisions, etc..

Does that make sense? Fatty. Great thumbs up.

Lovely and similar for respiratory. Again there are Queensland guidelines for COPD and asthma and they would be the key texts.

And then again the supporting guidelines. There are really just to kind of support and draw.

Usually that was where the evidence comes from from those Queensland guidelines. So you'll see that they would probably refer to them as well.

Okie dokie. So I might just jump back in time now, but I just thought I wanted to get that across.

Okay. So cardiovascular disease why does it matter. Hopefully everybody knows the answer to that question.

Um, CBD is the leading causing cause of death. So, um, that's the number.

There is something that I kind of had an inkling to, but until I listened back to,

Natalie recalls, um, presentation, I wasn't quite aware of the magnitude of it.

Um, and why does it matter again? Pharmacists. Pharmacists are placed well, really to intervene for these patients.

Utilise the CVD risk calculator. Most accessible point in healthcare for a lot of patients as well.

Um new targets. So I think lipid targets um lowering for for longer is an emerging space.

Um BP as low as reasonably achievable.

And these are new targets that have emerged in recent years that really need communicating throughout the community and to patients,

to prescribers that we interact with. Because there's a lot of, I think, outdated understanding of what some of the targets was.

Just recently, I was engaging in a conversation with a prescriber, um, talking about, um, LDL cholesterol.

And the conversation was, oh, don't worry, it's really about ratios and your HDL and your good cholesterol and things like that.

And, um, clearly that prescriber didn't have an awareness for what some of the latest evidence

and discourse is about how to contextualise LDL cholesterol in risk for patients.

So I think being up to date with the evidence and, um,

correcting a lot of those incorrectly held assumptions by other prescribers and being involved in conversations to educate

about what latest recommendations are from the Heart Foundation and from dyslipidemia guidelines is super important.

And it's interesting that CVD really underpins much of 6302.

So if you take a look at the the list of topics that we'll be covering, um, it's really very interconnected.

So as pharmacists prescribing evolves over Australia, assessing CVD risk and making evidence based decisions will only become more important.

And this is something I'm particularly proud of. It's my little graphic of six through zero two for most of the topics that we will cover.

Um, they all really come back to cardiovascular risk in one way or another.

So whether that's hypertension or type two diabetes, dyslipidemia, weight management,

then thinking about the respiratory aspects that we're going to get into smoking,

COPD, asthma and even oral health that I didn't appreciate really as much as I do now until I started dipping into this content.

Mental health and opioid dependence, it's really interconnected and, um, very much so throughout the course.

So really grounding in the importance. And that's why we start with CVD risk.

So what's we're building on today? So, um, canvas one week one will be there for you guys.

The CBD risk material is already there to work through at your pace.

Um, hopefully everybody's watch the two videos that we uploaded and that I sent through on, um, that I notified on Saturday.

Hopefully everybody received the canvas announcement.

I did AN1 test on Trent and he said he got the announcement, so I figured everybody else did as well.

And that's my plan going forward, is once those pre-recorded videos for the tutorials, a live,

I'll send a canvas announcement just to flag that with everybody and direct your attention there to watch them before the tutorial.

And as we said, it's you know what? You already know as well. There's going to be varying levels of knowledge of your existing knowledge of CBD risk.

And hopefully today puts it all together. So I just wanted to do a little check in.

Um, And if I don't get any volunteers, I'll just pick names as they come across my screen.

Um, hopefully everybody had a chance to watch the two videos, and I was just curious what stood out to you as something you learnt,

something you didn't appreciate beforehand with the two videos? Anybody?

Lee. Lee Grundy come across my screen. I had a feeling you were gonna ask me for some reason.

Uh, I suppose like looking at the two videos that, um, we're kind of now seeing that, you know, previously you had a blood pressure over 140, over 90.

You instantly went on to any hypertensive. And now we're looking at it more as a whole body approach and your risk factors for, um, you know, Yeah.

You know, looking at your overall cardiovascular risk rather than just looking at one particular marker.

Um, I suppose is probably what I got out of it. Yeah. Thanks for that, Lee.

Um. And I thought Natalie's videos were awesome. So she's a superstar pharmacist now, working at the Heart Foundation, and she lives, breathes, um,

cardiovascular risk and is always fluttering off to cardiovascular conferences and important consensus statements,

uh, in, um, being involved in that work as well. So I thought it was really, really lucky that we got to hear from her.

Anyone else want to jump in about something that they that stood out to them from the videos?

Anthony's made a comment. Oh, sorry. Oh, it's all right, Alison.

Jumping Sarah. And then I'll get to Anthony.

I was only just going to say it was really interesting how like what Lee said, we're now looking at the patient much more holistically.

So like already when people are coming in to the pharmacy, like you kind of think, oh, these people are not what you'd think.

Um, you know, immediately is sort of high risk,

but it's kind of like they have a little bit of less than a little bit of that and a little bit of that.

And now it's like making that picture and understanding that the little bits compound in that three fold way and that two fold way.

I thought that was really interesting, how it's not like a single multiplication of factors.

It's like, you know, it's it's a it's a vast multiplication, even though it's like little, little bits too much.

Yeah. Yeah. Very much so. So that's something that I thought was really interesting in one of the cases was the, the borderline person.

So it's oh it's just a little bit high here and just a little bit higher there.

And I think that the CVD risk calculator is a really incredible tool for, um,

being able to explain that to a patient and sort of put it all together for them and collect all that data and say,

hey, well, actually, that places you at X percentage risk because we need to think about all the factors together as one.

So Anthony, you said BMI not included in CVD risk and um, early menopause increasing risk as well.

So yeah interesting about what risk factors um and yeah familial hypercholesterolaemia.

Yeah. That's you can't you can't fight city Hall on that one. Unfortunately. Patty, um, with the the hand you get dealt.

But, um, I think, you know, once we get into week three with, uh, dyslipidemia,

there's a lot of excitement happening in new, new drugs, um, and new therapies in, um, lipid management.

And we're going to hear a lot about Lipoprotein little a um, and actually,

excitingly, I don't know if anyone follows the cholesterol just on Instagram.

Um, he is an upcoming guest on the The Purple Pan.

So if there's any questions that people want me to specifically ask Doctor Michael Page, who calls himself the cholesterol,

just feel free to add them to my conversation starter list because, um, he's right into all the emerging therapies happening with cholesterol.

And maybe I'll just ask one more person if they feel so inclined to share what stood out to them from from the videos as they watch them.

Anyone? Hello? Hi, Maddie. Um, I enjoyed hearing so much content in 15 minutes from.

was it Natalie? Yeah. Uh, yeah. And then hearing it again and hearing it again in the in the podcast.

She's very articulate, but there was a lot in there.

And I enjoyed just seeing, um, all the modifiable risk factors, uh, in,

in conversation, which is, you know, conversation starters that we can start anytime.

Yeah. Thanks for that, Maddie. Um, she she has a really great way of putting it all together and, um, piecing it all together.

So glad you glad you found that it was useful. Alrighty.

So we talked about scope, and now I don't want to depress everybody on a Tuesday night.

Um, but I thought we could all get on the CBD check.org and calculate our own CBD risk.

You don't have to share, but I don't know if anyone's actually done the clicking of it all.

Do you know what I mean? Because it's one thing to say yep yep yep yep. And then there's another thing to actually type the numbers in.

If you don't know what your cholesterol is, feel free to use mine.

It's on the slide. Something that I'm hoping to modify a little bit over the next little while.

Um, but yeah, that's there for everybody.

I think it's, um, pretty easy tool that.

Yeah. Just give everybody a few minutes now and just maybe give me a little thumbs up emoji.

Once you've gone through the process, I blame the chocolate in your PhD.

Kristen. So too much, too much comfort food, Larry said of Thumbs Down.

Because you're like with another set or you just don't want him to be too young to get an accurate risk assessment.

Oh, okay. Thank you, I appreciate that. Um, so maybe make yourself 46.

Uh, yeah. No, thanks. I enjoy being 28. And if you score poorly, do you improve if you just move postcode?

Um, that's an interesting, interesting point. Yeah. Rather than quitting smoking, you might change, uh, postcode.

Look, how would you want to address your modifiable risk factors?

Who's up to you? I don't know if that's the advice you'd be giving to your patients visiting your pharmacy, though.

Alrighty, everybody. Everyone sounds like they've done it. Great.

Okay, so as a pharmacist prescriber, you'll be interpreting, um, results, blood pressure results, lipid pathology, potentially spotting,

um, patients who will benefit, identifying patients who are at risk, um, and who will benefit from an intervention.

And the exciting part as prescribers hopefully on the horizon is actually starting or modifying treatments or acting

on the risk factors that you have identified because you have been trained so well from the graduate certificate.

One of the interesting things as well is I think that it's really explaining trade offs.

So explaining risks and benefits and how you are going to utilise, um, the CVD risk calculator to explain that to the patient in front of you.

So depending on where you are through week one content, there's quite a lot of content there about the best way to go about it.

And that will change based on the patient in front of you based on their literacy level, based on what motivates them,

based on their whether they're from a culturally and linguistically diverse background, whether they're an Aboriginal patient.

There could be lots of things that are influencing the way that you are contextualising that patient's risk.

And I think that's one of the superpowers of of pharmacists is how we can do that and make

those little tweaks to be able to deliver the information in the way that it's going to land,

but not overwhelm and frighten the patient at the same time. And then obviously, that's a really difficult dance to do.

Um, with, with patients. Addressing misinformation is another big one.

Um, especially in the cardiovascular disease space.

I thought it might be interesting to ask you guys,

what are some of the the curly ones that you've heard from patients about ketogenic diet, eating butter peptides.

Anyone else has had kind of interesting, uh, misinformation, um, that patients present to them about CVD risk.

Or is everybody's patients really is best, Emma. I just find that people are really anti statins, and I find that so interesting.

And any particular reason why. Oh I think that they something must come up on their algorithm on their Facebook page.

And they're seeing all this. What I, what I can only imagine is misinformation.

What about dementia risk. Yeah. Central diabetes.

Yeah, yeah. Maybe it was the 4000 beers they drank during their life. But no, it's the Saturn that they're on for five.

Yeah, yeah.

So these are really, um, interesting points, um, that you, um, kind of come, come up across with the statins and when we get into two, three, um,

Adam Lavery, who is, um, uh, our external speaker for those two videos, talks a lot about the actual evidence for myopathy and rhabdomyolysis.

And Adam's actually, um, volunteered to come along to tutorial three as a guest as well and ask a few, you know,

happy to be asked questions so we can definitely kind of get into the ins and outs of dementia

risk and how to have productive conversations grounded in evidence about those things.

But yeah, it's really hard when you're fighting against the algorithm there.

And seemingly people who are presenting themselves as health professionals presenting that information, which makes it even trickier.

Okay, so I thought we'd kind of come together with, um, a reflection, um,

for today's tutorial and then have an opportunity for any questions at the end.

I wanted to make sure we had time for questions. Anything. Um, what's one thing from today's discussion that's changed your thinking?

Anyone feel like they want to share? I enjoyed seeing how quick the calculator was to do.

I haven't jumped on before. Yeah that's good.

I'm glad you shared, Maddie, because I thought, um.

Uh, yeah. I was like, oh no, everyone will have done the calculator.

And I thought, no, maybe they're probably like me and just looked at it and said, ah, yeah, lovely.

Here it is. But not actually done. Done the doing, um, of calculating, um, CBD risk because I as I was typing it in,

I thought, oh yeah, the um, you know, you'll need this number from, from my lipid profile.

And it surprised me what it, what it asked for. So that was, um, interesting.

Thanks, Larissa. Treating the number. Treating the patient more than the number.

Yeah, I suppose. Why me?

I like when I was going through all the videos, I was thinking, that is just doing someone's blood pressure enough to determine their CVD risk.

We really should be doing a little bit more than when they come in and ask for a blood pressure check,

than just doing their blood pressure to determine what sort of risk they're at.

Yeah. And maybe like making a plan. So like I think some of the challenges there is obviously if you don't have the lipid profile in front of you, um,

kind of have that conversation with a patient of, look, I want to help you and, uh, talk about your CVD risk today,

but let's make a plan about how we're going to get all the the pieces of the puzzle to give you the most informed conversation that we can,

because obviously, that can take time to get all those bits and bobs together.

Yep. Anything that anyone still feels uncertain about, and I thought we could kind of end it on that with content wise,

and then I could make it my little to do list to address it, hopefully for the next tutorial.

So I have um, anti statins and dementia on my to do list for tutorial three.

Anything I should add to my, um, things to maybe cover a little bit more explicitly?

Now's your chance to to throw it out there. What about blood thinners?

Are we going to be attacking that as well? Because it looks like we're talking about a lot of meds and statins.

Yeah. Not not not super explicit with um, getting into anticoagulants.

Um, in um, 6302 just because the frameworks really don't exist in the guidelines for their.

But um, if there was a particular question that you had that we could, um, get into it.

But yeah, just in terms of all the things we need to cover for 6302.

Not everything's going to fit in. Fit in the boat, as it were. I suppose something is like, what do you tackle first?

So if you're looking at a patient who's got cholesterol, they're smoking, they're overweight.

They've like do is there is it patient base like what they want to tackle first or do I go risk based.

Or the highest risk factor is smoking. So let's look at that first.

How do I make a plan. Yeah thanks Emma.

That's a really good point. I can already see the slide in my mind, but for next week.

Um, so yeah, that's a really good good point. Any other, um, wish lists to, to talk about for next time?

No. Okay. Any other questions in general about the the course, the assessments, what we've mentioned opportunity to throw to me or Sarah or Alison.

I was just going to say Kristen.

It might be worthwhile just mentioning before everybody jumps off just around the intensives and how they link in to both subjects.

So I'll just quickly share my screen.

Yeah. Um, I'll stop sharing, which is here.

Um, so hopefully you've all seen this. Um, but we've pulled together a, um, timetable that hopefully maximises the amount of, um,

both content expertise and also, um, hands on experience that runs between both six to oh two and six.

302. Um, so the first workshop that we will have is an applied workshop with a diabetes educator,

an expert that will come and talk you through those various aspects.

We have a health, behaviour change and advanced communication,

but then we also have an indigenous woman that's coming to deliver cultural safety in pharmacist prescribing.

Um, and she's awesome. Um, and she's called the Rainbow Collective is her organisation name.

She will come to deliver some, um, uh, content related to the foundations for pharmacists.

But then we also have in day two, um, some workshops on application to, um,

culturally safe practice for um, indigenous people, which may be familiar to you,

maybe unfamiliar to you, but it really builds on things that you probably haven't experienced before and maybe out of your comfort zone.

Um, and in particular, uh, relevant knowledge and indigenous culture related to our New South Wales communities, which I'm really excited to share.

We also have, um, our cardiovascular assessment.

So, um, if you haven't purchased equipment, um, it is not a requirement.

We will have equipment there. But in this workshop you will require a stethoscope.

Um, and if you don't have one pre-purchase, then, um, like I said, we will have some materials there for you to use and share.

Um, and we also have a cardiovascular risk workshop. So this is where we'll be kind of delving into guidelines and application to services,

in particular in community pharmacy where we'll cover that particular content with relation to November just while we're on,

um, this now, we have, um, the second half of our coursework, we will be touching on respiratory assessment.

Um, so we're hoping to have a respiratory physician come and deliver that particular component.

Lung function and spirometry testing.

And then our workshop three kind of integrating everything in the context of pathology and how that links in with pharmacists prescribing.

So that'll be our third workshop for that Saturday session. With regards to the Sunday.

We have injectable medicines and an update from a MP that specialises in, um, injectable meds.

We have an advanced travel health session.

Um, and then um, lucky for you all, we'll have an Ascii advanced Ascii preparation session, which I know you all love.

So, um, that's just to give you an insight onto how this links in.

But importantly for those that are doing six 302,

maintaining up to date content in terms of the clinical guidance that Kristen's mentioned and staying abreast of of all of that,

and how that links to 602, obviously, in the intensives and the Ascii preparation, which you're all across because you've done six.

201 and 6301 it'd be very similar structure, and hopefully you have a bit of insight into how it's all going to run.

But nonetheless, I hope that's all pretty clear for you now.

And we're really excited to release that information to you much earlier than we did last semester.

So any questions, please let us know. But otherwise we will see you in a fortnight.

As Kristin and Alison have mentioned, we've dropped our tutorial times just to one hour sessions for each of the courses per fortnight,

and they run back to back and we will deliver that pre-recorded didactic content beforehand that you can listen to.

So we don't have to spend a long time after hours when you've finished up your day.

Um, so I hope that's helpful. But otherwise, back over to you, Kristen, and thanks everybody for joining,

and I look forward to seeing you all at our workshops in September, which are really only 2 or 3 weeks away.

Thanks, Sarah. Um, Fatty's just asked as to where they will be held, so.

Um, do you mean like within Gosford or Newcastle, or do you mean in Newcastle?

Whether it's at, um, New Space or. Or Callaghan?

Is that. I wasn't sure. Oh, um, that's a good question, Fadi.

At this stage, we, um. I just still confirming the venue.

The Newcastle. Yeah. University of Newcastle has opened their new herb building.

Um, and for those that don't know what the herb building is, is a new clinical simulation space.

Um, noting that last time we were actually, um, in a space that we weren't supposed to be in when we were at Callaghan.

Um, and the reason for that was that there was, I think, some flooding or some issues related to that particular building.

Um, however, the clinical simulation space is now functional,

and it's a new brand new space that has all of the health professions there with all of the beds, etc..

So we're planning to be in there. I'm just waiting for confirmation that we're able to use those facilities, and I'll let you know,

because I know most of you have to book accommodation and those kinds of things.

So we're planning to be back at Callahan Campus to be able to use that.

I've also inquired to be able to, um, have some lunch catered, uh,

just for those that didn't have access to cars, etc. that, um, couldn't easily get around and and get food.

Um, so at this stage, that's what I'm working on.

And I'll come back to you as soon as possible around plans and details, but at this stage likely to be at Callahan in the new building.

And hopefully we can coordinate some kind of lunch for you all.

For those that are attending Newcastle Intensives. Gosford will be the same.

Same same room, same building. And we'll use the simulation facilities there.

Thanks, Sarah. And, um, rotating the chocolates as well.

No leftover chocolates from San Juan, guys. It'll be all fresh stock.

Uh, but if there was nothing else, um, that's all it from me.

Anything else you wanted to add? Allison, before we wrap up, just thanks, everyone, for your engagement.

Um, in both sessions, it really makes it our job a lot easier.

But I really think it also helps you get the most out of these sessions as well.

Yeah, I echo those sentiments. Thanks, everybody.

So nice to see your faces again. For Sam two. We are on the horizon.

You know the home stretch. Yeah. For the celebration cones I agree.

Um, very exciting times ahead. I can't wait to see you guys all again in September, but in, uh, virtually before then.

But yeah, thanks very much to everyone.

