[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
Test student: Hi, everyone!

Test student: Can you guys hear me clearly enough?

Nader Eltom: I can.

Test student: Awesome, thanks, thank you.

Test student: Hi, Kristin!

Kristin Xenos: Hello!

Brett Plumb: A lot of blood transfers.

Brett Plumb: And then, blah, blah, blah.

Nader Eltom: Kristin, a, quick congratulations on your ACTA award.

Kristin Xenos: Oh, thank you, Nader!

Kristin Xenos: That's very kind.

Kristin Xenos: As my daughter asked me when she got an honourable mention at her speech competition last week, so do I get my name on a plaque or something?

Nader Eltom: Plaques would be nice. Everyone loves a good plaque.

Kristin Xenos: I had to explain what an honorable mention was.

Nader Eltom: How old's your daughter, Kristin?

Kristin Xenos: She's 7.

Nader Eltom: Wow, okay.

Kristin Xenos: Yep.

Nader Eltom: I, I didn't, I was a finalist for the, Patient's Choice Award.

Kristin Xenos: I saw Nader, but it was stiff competition, and still.

Nader Eltom: It absolutely was, I mean, well deserved to Anna, but, after I didn't win, my son goes, but Daddy, you're still a winner-win at chicken dinner.

Kristin Xenos: Oh, that's… that's… that makes it worthwhile, I think.

Nader Eltom: Exactly.

Test student: Alright guys, so we might make a start. Excuse me.

Test student: Sorry.

Test student: So before we begin, Thanks, everyone, for joining the tutorial.

Test student: My screen tends to lag a little bit when I'm trying to change the slide. Has the slide changed for you, Kristin? No.

Test student: Frozen. Try again.

Kristin Xenos: You've now got just your, desktop.

Test student: Hmm. What can you say now?

Kristin Xenos: I can see just one screen, but not in presenter mode.

Test student: Can you see the ignorance?

Kristin Xenos: acknowledgement.

Test student: Okay, sorry guys, thank you. So before we begin, I'd just like to acknowledge the Awabicor people, as the traditional custodians of the land on which the University of Newcastle-Callaghan campus is situated.

Test student: And from where I'm joining you today. And as we're meeting online, also acknowledge the traditional custodians of the many lands across New South Wales.

Test student: From which you may be joining us today. And pay my respects to Elders past and present, and extend that respect to any Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people joining us today.

Test student: So, just a brief outline for the tutorial this evening. Before we get into the case studies that we have prepared in the breakout rooms, I did want to just briefly bring up,

Test student: some considerations around finding a DPP, particularly for any student who is yet to secure a DPP.

Test student: And also give you guys a chance to flag any queries you might have around the assessments for FAR6202 before we then go into the case studies, for today.

Test student: So, for any student who is yet to secure a DPP, we do strongly encourage you at this stage to continue exploring your own professional networks as best you can.

Test student: And potential DPP options. Having said that, we do recognize that there are some students who've already made considerable efforts and are still yet to be able to find a DPP, so just rest assured for now that the placement team

Test student: are liaising with the program team to work through these requirements for assisting any student who's really stuck, with DPP allocation.

Test student: But the important thing at this point is to continue pursuing any options that are available to you, and also just to keep us informed if you're having any difficulties, so that we're aware of your circumstances.

Test student: But that being said, are there any students online who have secured a DPP, who can share their experience, and perhaps any tips or advice for those who haven't yet?

Test student: I wonder if there's anybody who wouldn't mind…

Test student: unmuting and jumping on and sharing any tips, anything they found particularly helpful in finding a DPP.

Nader Eltom: not sure this is any helpful to anyone, really, because I just went to the doctor's surgery next door, and I said, here is the DPP handbook, I'll kind of come back tomorrow after you read it. And then came back, and they asked me some questions, and they said, yep, we're happy to do it, and that was it.

Test student: And did you already have an established relationship with that GP surgery, or was this the beginning of a relationship?

Nader Eltom: Relationship with the surgery, yes, just not with the prescriber, I mean, just in passing, really. But the thought was this will give us a chance to build a closer relationship going forward, hopefully. And she was actually really lovely about it. She said, I really like teaching, I think this is a great opportunity, let's do it, so…

Test student: I think that's a really good way to frame it, is around that,

Test student: what your role can also offer to their practice, and that relationship moving forward. I have had a few emails from students saying that that was actually something that they discussed with their prospective DPP, when they were approaching the topic.

Kristin Xenos: And potentially someone, like, earlier in their career as well, that is looking for opportunities to build their CV or their portfolio, just reflecting back on first semester, and I think back to our first tutorial, and what you guys don't know is that I sent out 22, 23 emails.

Kristin Xenos: To dermatologists.

Kristin Xenos: trying to find someone who, had the capacity and the time to present to us on, that very first Dever Told You Tutorial, and I think the secret sauce to success there was finding someone who was in the

Kristin Xenos: the building phase of their career, I guess, so was looking to take on additional opportunities like that.

Test student: Thanks, Kristin.

Dave Rees: I was just gonna… Thanks.

Test student: Dave, yeah, go for it.

Dave Rees: I already had quite a good established relationship with my DPP, so I didn't have any difficulty, but it may just be worth considering if you know of anyone in your area or network that works in the public health system, just as an observation from, you know, as we all… most of us are probably in, you know, private practice, either working for ourselves or for someone.

Dave Rees: People working in the public health system are happy to spend their salaried time mentoring and training, more, perhaps, than people that aren't. I've had a diabetes education mentor as well, who's a nurse practitioner.

Dave Rees: For my diabetes education credentialing, and she works in the public health system as well, so, like, that's just…

Dave Rees: Yeah, I probably can't help with the specifics of how I secured my DPP, but that might just be something worth… if you can find someone that works in public health, they might be a bit more free or willing to spend the time.

Test student: Yeah, that's a really good point.

Test student: Anybody else have any tips?

Teagan Morley-Davies: I'm not sure. I know I have… Sean, who was…

Teagan Morley-Davies: Like, coming to our practical days, but…

Teagan Morley-Davies: I don't know if anybody reached out to their banner groups to see if any pharmacists

Teagan Morley-Davies: like, have already done the training, and if they would be DPPs?

Teagan Morley-Davies: Some… so maybe reaching out to, like.

Teagan Morley-Davies: I say, like, I'm with a Terry White, so I know a lot of pharmacists

Teagan Morley-Davies: In Terry White have already done their training, so…

Teagan Morley-Davies: Not sure if other Bennett groups have

Teagan Morley-Davies: connections like that to other DPPs?

Test student: Yeah, awesome, thanks, Teagan.

Test student: Also, thinking broadly about your network, so it doesn't necessarily have to be a pharmacist prescriber, it doesn't even necessarily have to be the local GP. We have somebody, who is a dentist, nurse practitioners, as you've said, people in the public health system,

Test student: Did anyone have any questions or anything they wanted to flag or raise before we move on?

Nader Eltom: And that's one of the concerns on the subgroup around dentists and nurses and so on, is whether they'll get opportunity to get cases that are relevant to the course material.

Test student: Yeah, absolutely. And that's actually been a little bit of a challenge when it comes to preparing the documentation for your assessment one, which is linked to your Work Integrated Learning.

Test student: And that's part of the rationale around, the case study discussions and the prescribing portfolio, particularly the activity log.

Test student: And also, if you were to read the OPU diary, you'll see that there's a little bit of a description around entrustment discussions, and that's just to indicate that the OPU sign-off, so the DPP entrustment decision.

Test student: can also be based around discussions, and, I guess, simulations as well as actual patient encounters. So, I would encourage you to have a look through some of that documentation if you do have those concerns.

Test student: Excuse my voice.

Nicholas Knowles: Yeah, Alison, I was gonna,

Nicholas Knowles: I was gonna talk about that, that you just mentioned, because I think some… sometimes it's hard to,

Nicholas Knowles: I guess, potentially participate in a… in a consult, or,

Nicholas Knowles: I suppose, work out how you might be able to set… be assessed on some of those competencies, and I, you know, for the last semester for me,

Nicholas Knowles: my DP… She was…

Nicholas Knowles: like, she was very accommodating, but she probably wasn't the greatest educator, and I found that I had to…

Nicholas Knowles: Really direct a lot of the conversation and,

Nicholas Knowles: just to kind of, I suppose, demonstrate that I had a bit of an idea of what I was talking about and what I was doing, and I think one thing that really helped me, and, we had a…

Nicholas Knowles: In one of… in one of our, modules.

Nicholas Knowles: We're asked to do, like, a video of a consult, and not many people…

Nicholas Knowles: Did it. It was kind of at a time when we were doing assignments, and I don't know why I did it, to be honest, but I did… I did it. And I… and I shared it with my… with my DPP, and it actually helped a lot, for them to be able to see me do a… like, it was a contraception initiation consult from start to finish.

Nicholas Knowles: So I could at least kind of demonstrate that I had… I had the skills.

Nicholas Knowles: And I think that… that alone was really valuable, because I… I otherwise hadn't really done a lot of, I suppose, you know, demonstrating examples of…

Nicholas Knowles: of doing, like, a consult within, that placement. It was more around the conversations that we had, so yeah, I think taking those opportunities is pretty important as well.

Test student: That's an excellent point, and absolutely, those things can, I guess, count towards your DPP's assessment of

Test student: entrustment. And, Assessment 2 this semester, you guys will have seen, you, again, have to, do a simulated video consultation as part of Assessment 2.

Test student: So that's another… another consideration, a 12-minute video that you guys have to record, of a simulated consultation.

Test student: You could certainly discuss that with your DPP.

Test student: Does anybody have any other questions around the assessments before we move on? I've tried to put a little bit of information up on the announcements and discussion board on Canvas.

Nader Eltom: I'm just relaying some… some of the messages in our… in our group from…

Test student: Yeah, sure.

Nader Eltom: et cetera.

Nader Eltom: And the question was around the prescribing portfolio versus the case study reflections. Are they separate cases, or can they be the same case?

Test student: Yeah, so, actually, I did put something up on the discussion board late this afternoon, answering that question. So, your prescribing portfolio, you've got, 5 instances of… of…

Test student: supervised prescribing, so one of them being an observation of your DPP, and four of them being your DPP directly observing you in a prescribing scenario.

Test student: When you're writing up or filling out the little table that you'll see in your prescribing portfolio, that's… that's as much for your own records, and for you to document the feedback that you receive from your DPP through that.

Test student: You don't have to write a detailed case reflection on those for the prescribing portfolio. The case reflections, which is assessment 1,

Test student: B. That's actually, I guess the more detailed… having said that, there's a word limit of 500 words, but each of the five case studies all together, that actually forms the weighted component of FAR6202, which is at 30%.

Test student: of Assessment 1.

Test student: What you will see is, if you jump on to Canvas, under the assessments, there's a… there's now a separate rubric that's been uploaded for each of those individual case studies that will tell you exactly what we're looking for in each, each of the case study reflections.

Test student: But yeah, separate to the prescribing portfolio, you don't need to write up a detailed case reflection for that.

Test student: It's almost like a fill-in-the-blanks within the prescribing portfolio.

Nader Eltom: But we can use those cases for the reflection if, Yeah.

Test student: Yep, you can, yep, yep.

Test student: There's no problem with that, yep.

Test student: And if any other questions pop up, I've been trying to keep an eye on the discussion board, so I'll continue to monitor that, as the people start to think a bit more about the assessments and, make sure I've got answers for you.

Test student: As questions pop up. Any other assessment-related questions?

Test student: Regarding Heidi, Heidi is the suggested AI tool for you guys to use when you're, doing your AI-generated soap notes.

Test student: If you guys have got another tool that you're familiar with, or that you might have already in your workplace, more than likely that will be fine. If you could just email me, just to check, or put it on the discussion board, just so that I can approve that particular, tool.

Test student: Was that a question from someone? Or just an accidental mute hit?

Test student: Excuse me.

Test student: Okay, so…

Test student: Thanks everybody for participating in that discussion. Before we move on to some cases, I just want to highlight some of the communication challenges that you guys have,

Test student: I guess, identified as part of the Week 3 Padlet reflection activity, so there were a few themes that were brought up. Firstly, around role transition, so one of the students

Test student: Commented on how do we explain to patients what a pharmacist prescriber can and can't do, particularly if they still see us primarily as the person who supplies their medicines.

Test student: Secondly, communicating with other health professionals, so thinking things like referrals, handover, making sure there's clear communication with GPs and other members of the healthcare team.

Test student: Also the reality of consulting in practice being different from an OSCE, so obviously patients don't necessarily give you the information you want. Consultations get interrupted, and things don't always follow the neat structure that you might necessarily practice.

Test student: Time management was a big one, so balancing,

Test student: assessment, consultation, documentation, time with everything else happening in the pharmacy. You guys will be, of course, very familiar with

Test student: All of those considerations. And also patient expectations, so particularly patients who come in expecting a particular medicine, and

Test student: Having to explain, that a consultation

Test student: is an assessment and doesn't necessarily result in a prescription. We will touch on some,

Test student: Communication considerations, including, around low-value care in one of the cases tonight, that might help with some of those types of discussions.

Test student: Also, things like health literacy, cultural diversity, which you'll touch on a lot more in the intensive sessions, and knowledge gaps, so how do we adapt how we communicate depending on the individual patient?

Test student: And we'll also look at communication accommodation theory tonight, as just one tool in the communication tool belt for adapting communication style.

Test student: So these are some of the challenges that you guys anticipate that you may encounter as you move into prescribing practice.

Test student: And, if you've worked your way through Modules 2 and 3, and it looks like the majority of you already have, you would have come across some of these, terms, so we don't want to waste time going through and defining all of these tonight, but if you just have a look across the slide, and maybe make a mental note of which

Test student: One of… which terms are feeling more familiar now? Are there any that you're still a little bit unsure about?

Test student: And obviously, the aim isn't to be able to recite a textbook definition, but what's more important is that when you get into a consultation, you can recognise what's happening.

Test student: And draw on some of these helpful concepts to help you respond in the moment. And sometimes being mindful about the terminology and naming some of these communication tools and techniques can be really helpful.

Test student: So you can talk about a number of these in your breakout rooms today. As we've said in the previous tutorial, if there are any terms on here that you're not feeling particularly familiar with yet, that's probably a useful prompt for you to then go back to the week 2 and 3 material and refresh.

Test student: On those areas. But as we work through today's cases.

Test student: If you're able to actually name what you're seeing in your discussions, so what's the ethical tension?

Test student: What communication styles are we seeing? Is there a boundary issue? Is the pharmacist appropriately accommodating their communication? And then have a think about what you would actually do or say, in practice.

Test student: So, we've got 3, breakout rooms for this evening.

Test student: So 3 scenarios that I'd like you to just spend perhaps just 5 minutes discussing in your group. I have put these slides up on Canvas in advance this time, so you shouldn't lose the scenarios. So the first one being,

Test student: Without giving too much away. Your cousin visits the… this one actually came from Canvas, it was one of the ones where you weren't asked to comment on.

Test student: Your cousin visits the pharmacy and asks you to prescribe some of their usual blood pressure tablets. They've run out, they can't get to the usual GP and insist it's just a quick favor, but they don't want to register as a patient or complete a formal assessment.

Test student: So these are some, prompts for you guys to discuss in your breakout rooms. I will just put you in…

Test student: breakout rooms now, and we'll only spend, sort of, 4 or 5 minutes each time before we come back. Perhaps if you could maybe think about assigning someone as the person to take notes and report back to the group afterwards, that would be really helpful.

Test student: Breakout rooms… How many do we have online, Kristin?

Kristin Xenos: 40.

Test student: Might do 5. Okay.

Kristin Xenos: You want me to go join one, Alison, or are you happy for me to stay here?

Test student: I'm actually… I'm not going to join them in these sessions.

Kristin Xenos: Okay, so…

Test student: We'll get to everyone anyway, and it was a bit disruptive last week when I jumped in and.

Kristin Xenos: Yeah, yeah, you're kind of, like, it's catching them unawares.

Test student: Yeah, yep.

Test student: Hey Emma, are you having trouble joining a room?

Test student: You're muted, by the way.

Test student: You're muted, by the way, Emma.

Emma Robinson: I'm sorry, I think my internet dropped out when you assigned me

Emma Robinson: Can you assign me to one?

Test student: Yes, I should be able to, let me just work out how Emma…

Test student: Okay.

Assaad Khalil: I'm having the same issue. Sorry, Alison.

Kristin Xenos: Assada Assada, I'll try and bump you to a room.

Assaad Khalil: Thank you.

Kristin Xenos: Off you go.

Test student: Maybe we should try the others in case that happened to them as well.

Kristin Xenos: Oh.

Test student: I didn't realize you can see who's speaking.

Kristin Xenos: Yeah. Yeah. Brett, Andrew, Felicity, Vinai, does anyone need assistance?

Kristin Xenos: They might be driving, or… Yeah. Dialing in. Yeah. No worries.

Test student: I'm gonna jump into room 4 and see how they're going.

Test student: They're about halfway through the questions, Kristin, so I'll just give them a few more minutes.

Test student: We won't speak about what's happening in Room 2.

Test student: Making some questionable decisions.

Test student: You're muted, Kristin.

Kristin Xenos: pragmatic decisions sometimes. Yes! Meets must.

Test student: I like jumping into these rooms, you get to be a little fly on a wall for a minute before anyone realises you're there.

Test student: Okay, I'm going to close all the rooms.

Nicholas Knowles: Oh, thanks.

Nicholas Knowles: Jin and cheese.

Nicholas Knowles: Thanks.

Nicholas Knowles: Si, si, same.

Test student: Alright guys, so… How'd you go?

Test student: What did you think about this… this scenario? I'm sure we can all put ourselves in that… Position.

Teagan Morley-Davies: Yeah, I think if we started at the bottom, we all think it would be easier to just tell a family member, like.

Teagan Morley-Davies: No.

Test student: Yeah, it's almost like the closer they are to you, the easier it is for you to say.

Teagan Morley-Davies: Yeah, yeah, it'd be harder with a stranger.

sarah: Yeah, our group was a bit the same, in the sense we were like, well, you've got two options. We can sit down and do a proper, full, thorough consult like we would do with anyone else.

sarah: or you've got another service you can utilize. So if it was a no, we have to then pass that patient on to another health service. Like, we can't just say… well, we could just say no, but it would be more ethically appropriate and legally appropriate to refer them on to, you know, instant scripts or something like this, so that we're not just saying no, we're saying, we can't do this because we're not comfortable

sarah: Or it's not a… like, it's essentially not legal for us to give you a consult without.

sarah: doing a proper, like, getting all your information and that. So, you can either do that, or you can go to this service.

Dave Rees: Yeah, we kind of said the same thing, or offer what you would now do now for something. Oh, look, sorry, have you made a doctor's appointment? I'll give you a 7-day emergency supply, and then make a GP appointment, or use instant scripts or another telehealth thing. The other thing I brought up that I would actually say, especially if it was, you know, a family member, is just say.

Dave Rees: No, like, pharmacist prescribing is new, the AMA's waiting for someone to fuck up and ruin it for everyone, so we're not doing anything dodgy.

Nicholas Knowles: Modern.

Dave Rees: say that to a person off the street, but to a family member or what.

Test student: Great!

Test student: Did anybody have a discussion about boundaries?

Nicholas Knowles: Yeah, we, we said similar things, but yeah, we talked a little bit about, you know, kind of having an open and assertive… assertive communication style and talking about.

Nicholas Knowles: ethical and professional boundaries, and just kind of explaining… explaining those things.

Nicholas Knowles: And then, yeah, as kind of Sara mentioned, looking to kind of, you know, help facilitate another option, so it may not be… may not be their GP that they can see, but we might be able to help them see a different GP, or…

Nicholas Knowles: on some sort of alternative so they can get their medication, but I think going in… taking the time to just explain

Nicholas Knowles: What our role is around… Pharmacists prescribing and,

Nicholas Knowles: And, you know, all… and all that goes with that in terms of, how we…

Nicholas Knowles: Do the consult and, and also considerations around patient safety and those type of things that we, you know, just can't just, you know.

Nicholas Knowles: Through our script at someone, there's a lot more to it than that.

Test student: Did anybody talk about why

Test student: It isn't recommended to prescribe for family members and close friends. Was anyone able to…

Test student: Articulate the reasons behind that.

Anthony Piggott: Well, you've got a dual relationship with them, so…

Anthony Piggott: That's the… that's the main problem. So you can be influenced, and it can affect your… one relationship or the other, whether it's a personal relationship or your professional relationship. It's fine when everything's good.

Anthony Piggott: But it can lead to problems.

Test student: Yeah, and maintaining their…

sarah: any emotional… emotional involvement with any patient, like…

sarah: They say if we get too emotionally involved in any patients, that can compromise our level of care, so that next degree is like with your family members and your friends, because it's that emotional involvement makes you think in certain ways without going strategically and methodically through the pathways that we've all been taught.

Test student: Excellence of emotional boundaries.

Dave Rees: I was also going to say, I think objectivity is very easy to compromise, even if you think it's not been compromised. Like, you may cut corners, because you go, I know my cousin, he's fine, he just needs a refill, blah blah blah. But it could also easily go the other way, where if you're particularly concerned about a family member, you may be, you know, overthinking things, or, you know.

Dave Rees: Creating unnecessary barriers, or putting, you know, if in the future we can order pathology, you know, ordering unnecessary tests because we want to be extra cautious and give our family members the best possible care.

Kristin Xenos: Yeah.

Dave Rees: Got the other direction.

Kristin Xenos: That's a good point, Dave. That reminds me of what my husband said when I had my first child, and he said, you know just enough to be annoying.

Test student: Did anybody happen to bring up, the concept of recognize, acknowledge, and validate?

Test student: In terms of… I guess we didn't really get to hear the patient's response or the person requesting, but…

Test student: Perhaps something to think about as we move into the next case.

Test student: It's great that everyone's thinking about

Test student: Duty of care, as well.

Test student: But I, yeah, I suppose…

Test student: The point of this case was to…

Test student: Prompt those considerations around boundaries beyond scope of practice, perhaps some ethical considerations as well.

Vinai Lakhani: I don't.

Test student: So the next case study, kind of follows on from the one that you guys just looked at.

Test student: But we want you to have a think about low-value care.

Test student: And that might be a concept that you recall from the module content, in weeks 2 and 3. So, in this case study, a 45-year-old patient presents with a 4-day history of cough, nasal congestion, and sore throat.

Test student: They're otherwise well, with no red flags identified during assessment, and they tell you, whenever I get this, my doctor gives me antibiotics, I'm going overseas next week, and I don't really want this getting worse. Can you just prescribe some to be safe?

Test student: You explain that their presentation is most consistent with a self-limiting viral infection, and that antibiotics are unlikely to provide benefit.

Test student: the patient becomes frustrated, so I've paid for a consultation, and you're not going to give me anything. So you're conscious that the patient expects a prescription, and that refusing may affect their satisfaction with the consultation.

Test student: So I'm going to put everybody into breakout rooms again.

Test student: You don't necessarily have to go through and answer every question word for word. It would be great if you could, name some of the principles, ethical communication, and also bring back what you would actually say,

Anthony Piggott: Is there a way to put… keep the slides in our breakout rooms? Because…

Test student: Do you know that, Kristin?

Kristin Xenos: No, that's why we put them on, Canvas.

Kristin Xenos: It's, it's annoying, isn't it?

Test student: Next time, I'll copy and put him in the chat, maybe.

Nader Eltom: Kristin, was that an acknowledge and recognize, attempt on Anthony just there?

Anthony Piggott: I do.

Test student: jump!

Anthony Piggott: I can't remember this stuff from the law.

Kristin Xenos: I know. Sorry, I hear you.

Kristin Xenos: Oh no, now that you know, you can see it everywhere you look.

Vinai Lakhani: Okay.

Vinai Lakhani: Abdul Rubis. Kyle Jones is federal last days for Riding the…

Kristin Xenos: I think Vinai has joined twice, that's the mystery there.

Test student: Okay, yeah.

Test student: And maybe I'll put Bianca in room 1.

Kristin Xenos: My challenge tonight is to remember to share the application, not the window.

Test student: Yeah, not the window.

Test student: Who would have thought, though?

Kristin Xenos: Mmm.

Test student: Doesn't really make sense.

Felicity Roberts: Hi, Kristin. I have just been able to jump back on. Could I be assigned a room, please?

Kristin Xenos: Of course! Felicity, let me pop you in.

Kristin Xenos: Room 1.

Felicity Roberts: Thank you so much.

Kristin Xenos: No worries.

Test student: Can we force close breakout rooms, Kristin, or do we have to wait this.

Kristin Xenos: Yeah, no, no, not all.

Test student: I think we went through…

Kristin Xenos: I think you have to… there's no way to force the 60.

Test student: Oh, okay, yeah, right.

Test student: Hi, everyone. I know I didn't give you very much time in those breakout rooms that time, it's because I really wanted to make sure we had plenty of time for the last case study. Anyone wanted

Test student: have a go at talking about what you guys discussed. There's lots of fruitful discussion in the… in the chat rooms.

Anthony Piggott: Yeah, that was a… again, that was a pretty realistic example of what people would expect. We see it now, anyway. I always get these when I'm going on holidays. I always get this when I get a cough, it'll get worse. Can I have some antibiotics? Doctor's away. Do as a knowing. I'll get it for you in a few days.

Anthony Piggott: So…

Anthony Piggott: And even, like, should you manage their expectations right at the start? I'm here to help, but one of the outcomes might be antibiotics, it might not be antibiotics.

Anthony Piggott: like, validating, like, look, their request is valid, there's nothing wrong with it, too. It just fits outside our scope, and I don't want myself or yourself having any harm or getting into trouble for it.

Anthony Piggott: We both would feel uncomfortable.

Test student: Did you guys, articulate low-value care in your discussions? Was that something that you spoke about?

Test student: Explicitly?

Anthony Piggott: No.

Dave Rees: We did, we kind of just said, you know, if you caved to the pressure or just gave any antibiotics, that would also be low-value care, but also if you didn't, you know, handle the situation well and just told them, nope, sorry, go away, that's also an instance of low-value care, because you should, you know, safety net, offer symptom management, you know, try and

Dave Rees: not placate them, but, you know, deal with it diplomatically, I guess. Otherwise, you know, that's also not good.

Anthony Piggott: But is it low-value care?

Anthony Piggott: Like, if you went to the doctor, they would probably give you antibiotics as a backup. If you're traveling to

Anthony Piggott: Bali.

Anthony Piggott: and you've got a history of that, I would think a doctor would give that to you, and that's high-value care.

Test student: I suppose it's about gathering all of that information and making a decision that you're comfortable you can justify.

Test student: Later on.

Nader Eltom: So we talked about low-value care in that context, and then we tried to

Nader Eltom: Pulled some buzzwords out of there as well, so we went through the beneficence, non-moticence, and justice and autonomy.

Nader Eltom: And then we… we basically said, well.

Nader Eltom: In terms of beneficence, there isn't any if we provided antibiotics for this.

Nader Eltom: But whilst there might not be any harm to this particular patient, then we talked about utilitarianism, which is, well, what about antimicrobial resistance? The harm could be not to him, but to the wider public, in terms of the resistance that could come out of inappropriate prescribing of antibiotics.

Nader Eltom: And then we talked about how he's being aggressive, and how we would do that, and then we got pulled out of the breakout rooms.

Test student: Sorry, guys.

Test student: And I think that all of those things are really important when it comes to your ethical decision-making framework and documentation, just to keep that in mind as well. I like that,

Test student: A lot of the points you spoke about, Anthony, were around establishing that rapport so that, when you do go through that process of shared decision making, having that rapport there would certainly help.

Test student: Okay, so I'm just gonna…

sarah: about the difficulty in this one, in that the…

sarah: the fact that if we can't offer him anything, like, how frustrating that is for a patient when we've done this consult, and, like, what can we… what can we offer them? Like, we're sitting them down for a $40 consult, or whatever.

sarah: And, you know, we can offer them a medical certificate, and we can give them symptomatic management, which we could do already, like, and that… and just, like.

sarah: seeing that as something that may happen in the future, when there's so many instances where we can't prescribe, and we will have to refer, and, like, how you manage that, and… and have it so that patients are like, well, why… why did I bother coming to you? Like, you can't give me anything anyway?

Test student: Thanks, Sarah. And the modules actually also speak about, not prescribing, Considering that as a clinical…

Test student: Decision in itself, as well.

Test student: So I guess just having that in the back of your mind to help support your decisions. But I really like that holistic approach.

Test student: So, the final little bit of today was to speak about something called communication accommodation theory, and I don't know if you guys, read much about this as you were going through Week 3 content.

Test student: But really, it's a framework for us to use when it comes to adjusting our communication. So, obviously, we don't communicate in exactly the same way with every patient.

Test student: So we need to adjust. Maybe it's the language we use, the pace, the tone, the level of clinical detail and jargon, and how we structure the conversation.

Test student: So in the interest of time, I won't get you all to, I guess, comment on what tends to drive those adjustments for you, but also, thinking about if there's situations where adapting our communication can actually become unhelpful, but you will consider that in the cases coming up.

Test student: But basically, communication accommodation theory gives us a bit of a framework for understanding how people adjust their communication, during an interaction, and what happens when the adjustment is well matched, as opposed to poorly matched to the other person.

Test student: And within this framework, there's 3 broad ways that we can think about that. So, convergence, where we adjust our communication to become more aligned with the other person.

Test student: So that might mean changing terminology or tone or communication style to make the interaction more accessible and collaborative with the person you're speaking with.

Test student: Divergence being when we, maintain or emphasize differences in communication, and that can be intentional.

Test student: But it can also create distance if it isn't responsive to the patient.

Test student: Excuse me. And also maintenance, where we essentially continue with our own communication style without, substantially adapting to the other person.

Test student: And within this framework, they also talk about the degree of accommodation, so under accommodation, meaning that we don't adapt sufficiently enough to the person's communication needs.

Test student: appropriate accommodation goes without saying, and over-accommodation when we adjust beyond what the person actually needs. So, for example, oversimplifying, speaking unnecessarily slowly, or making assumptions about someone's understanding, maybe based on their age or culture or background.

Test student: So, the next few slides, there's four really brief scenarios for you guys to, talk about briefly in your

Test student: Breakout rooms, and the idea is first for you to spot, whether it's appropriate convergence under accommodation or over accommodation.

Test student: Have a go at explaining it. So, what specifically in the communication led you to that conclusion? What cues or assumptions or mismatches did you notice? Some of them are quite obvious, but it's about, identifying and naming

Test student: And then finally, to fix it, how could the pharmacist perhaps adapt their communication more appropriately in that particular situation?

Test student: And then the final case, for you guys to discuss in a little bit more detail in your breakout rooms.

Test student: is also around adapting communication, so I won't read through it now, because you'll just forget it anyway, but it is up on Canvas, so I'll put you into your breakout rooms now.

Test student: There are some prompts for that case as well.

Test student: And we might give you 10 minutes. Well, actually, 5 minutes, sorry guys.

Test student: I think two cases is the sweet spot in an hour, Kristin.

Kristin Xenos: Yeah.

Test student: Sorry, everybody, so just, bringing everyone back in the interest of time.

Test student: What did you guys think about that last scenario?

sarah: The last one, I thought that they were undermining patient safety in the interest of trying to get adequate communication, but not really being able to achieve it, like, with the second… with the language barrier, so they just completely…

sarah: Like, skipped? What's something that's fairly important?

Anthony Piggott: Guys, as a side note, if I'm allowed to commandeer some airtime, advice I give my staff when, there's obviously friction going on in the pharmacy, so this happens

Anthony Piggott: Often.

Anthony Piggott: And… If it's between any staff member and a patient who's, like, sort of really agitated and aggressive, there's…

Anthony Piggott: try and match where that person is. The thing I like about this,

Anthony Piggott: appropriate combination of over and under. I really like this wording, because I haven't seen it worded before, but…

Anthony Piggott: To try and bring somebody around, I learned this from a doctor, who may have been my wife.

Anthony Piggott: Try and match them, so if they're irritated, they're not getting what they want, try and…

Anthony Piggott: Bring yourself to their energy.

Anthony Piggott: And so, when you match them better, it can…

Anthony Piggott: you then have the chance to start bringing them down to your level where you want them to be, a bit calmer. But if somebody's aggressive, and you're saying, calm down, or… or let's talk through this, the rules say this and that, you won't match them at all, and it doesn't work out well, but…

Anthony Piggott: I would say, oh, that annoys me too, and that's really annoying, and blah blah blah. I'll tell you what, and then you slowly bring them down.

Anthony Piggott: It does take a lot of heat out from their learned experience.

sarah: It's like mirroring.

Maddi': the culture.

sarah: Anthony, you're marrying me.

Maddi': Okay.

sarah: And then making them do what you want them to do.

Anthony Piggott: Oh, I haven't…

Test student: You're also empathizing and establishing rapport, I guess, in that approach.

Test student: Aren't you? Yeah.

Test student: Alright, does anybody have anything burning that they wanted to add to that last scenario?

Test student: So, we are at time,

Test student: Thanks, everybody, for your generous participation tonight. I hope you found that a little bit helpful as you work through the communication and ethical principles concepts. Just a reminder that our next tutorial for, 6202 and 6302 is

Test student: on a Wednesday, not a Tuesday evening,

Test student: It is up on campus anyway, I won't bother sharing my screen now.

Kristin Xenos: Just do the intensives.

Test student: Yeah, due to the intensives, yeah.

Anthony Piggott: How did we go with the, calendar syncing?

Kristin Xenos: I put some information on the 302 discussion board, so there are some steps there, Anthony, if you want to have a crack at it, and if you still have trouble, I'll, try and help you out there.

Anthony Piggott: Thank you.

Kristin Xenos: No worries.

Test student: Alright, we'll see you soon. Guys, in the Rio2 Zoom.

